Description:
An Adamantine amulet with the Vulcan symbol inlaid inlaid in the most precious of metals. The amulet is the symbol of a Vulcan member. 

It can be worn around the neck using a retractable chain(An authorized member may grab the chain otherwise it is not visible, similarly the owner touching the amulet may cause the chain to retract) it can also be affixed to clothing or other surfaces. Non-Members find it very difficult to move an embalm. When not worn it appears to be stuck to whatever surface it's on. When wore it is difficult to remove from the owner, the force applied to the emblem by a non member to remove it does not transfer to the owner.

At the users will by grabbing the emblem it can vibrate gently in the presence of magic or start or stop glowing like a torch.

The Emblem can store Runic Tokens and consume them for its abilities.

It is difficult for a non wilder to notice an emblem and it also appears non-magical to detect magic as if under the magic aura spell.

Spell-Slinging:
The Runic Emblem can be used to cast Arcane spells using the energy contained in stored runic totems. The cost rises with the spell level and the Emblem must be of sufficient rank to cast a spell level.

Rank 4 -> Max 4th
Rank 3 -> Max 6th
Rank 2 -> Max 8th
Rank 1 -> Max 9th

A cost in tokens is consumed from the emblem when the spell is prepared. The cost is equal to the spell level squared. Cantrips count as 1st level spells but prepare three charges. A spell may be prepared as a free action, standard action, or hour of quite work. If using a standard action you have time to adjust the arcane mechanisms, half the cost. If taking an hour you have time to consult the data sheet and recommended settings, reduce the cost by 75%. When reducing the cost round up, if the cost was already 1 gain 3 charges instead. Only one spell may be prepared at a time. Expensive material components greater than 100 gp must also be paid, count each token as 2500gp for that.

Chain Extend 15ft/rank

If a spell only appears on a 4th level list double its spell level when calculating limits and cost. If a spell only appears on a 6th level list multiply the spell level by 1.5 and round up.

Abilities:

A variety of abilities can be added to the Emblem. They can usually be paid for in runic emblems though some may require specific resources. Abilities added also cost an amount of capacity equal to their cost divided by the ability rank. The base capacity for rank 4 is 10.

Unless otherwise specified the user must be touching the emblem to activate its abilities.

An upgrade is necessary to access higher ranked abilities.

Rank 1(10 capacity)

Use Emblem(3 Tokens): Activate any of the emblem's intrinsic(Sticking, chain extending, light, etc..) or Rank 4 abilities while touching any part of the emblem or when it is attached to something touching you(clothes, armor) instead of just when touching the amulet

Weight Modification lesser(2 Tokens): Subtract or Add up to 25 lb from the weight the user is carrying. Optionally when touching the emblem its weight may be set between 0 and 250 lb

Detect Magic (5 Tokens): The wielder may use detect magic 5/day. The amount available each day can be recharged with 1 Token.

Babel fish lesser(3 Tokens): For up to 30 minutes per day. The Emblem will translate spoken words to a language the user knows and/or translate  the users word to a language of their choice. The voice comes from the emblem and has difficulty conveying tone and intonation.

Storage lesser(5 Tokens): The Emblem can store up to two non-living items weighing no more than 40 lbs each. The items can be equipped and stored as a swift action. You can equip and store in a single action. It takes an hour to attune an item to the emblem no more than four items can be attuned at once.

Locating lesser(1 Token): Every ten minutes when the emblem is more than 10 ft away the owner knows how far away and what direction its in.

Ally Finding lesser(1 Token): At-will While holding the Emblem the user knows the approximate distance and exact direction of the nearest Emblem more than 30ft and within 20 miles

Find home(2 Tokens): At-will while holding the Emblem the user knows what direction to travel to reach the Vulcan base in the shortest time. And approximately how long it will take. Both the direction and time may shift during travel. How this works is confidential.

Nondescript(2 Tokens): While wearing the emblem the user can have its aura of unnoticablilty cover him as well. This can be suppressed at will. While active the user gains +5 bonus to stealth checks to blend into a crowd and +5 on disguise checks to conceal his identity.

Wardrobe master(1 Token): The owner may store up to 10 sets of mundane clothing in the emblem they can be swapped as a full round action. When equipped the clothing is freshly laundered.

Elemental Burst(4 Tokens): Choose an element(not sonic) when adding this ability. Twice per day as a standard action the emblem explodes as CL20 Fireball but of the chosen element. Consume one token to use this ability an extra time.

Gravity Burst lesser(4 Tokens): As a swift action 2/day the gravity in the emblems immediate vicinity increases all flying creatures in a 10ft radius column 100ft high must make a DC33 fly check or land on the ground. They do not take damage from the fall. Until the beginning of the users next turn while in the area they must make the same fly check to take off, but new creatures entering the area are not effected. Consume one token to use this ability an extra time.

Kinetic Kick(2 Tokens): 5/day as a swift, immediate, or standard action the user can either gain +5 to an acrobatics check to jump this round and counts as having a running start as a surge of force propels them into the air or they may have the force effect the emblem sending it flying in a direction of their choice.

Trick Emblem I(3 Tokens) Once a day the emblem transforms into a random small mechanical animal as a Bag of Tricks(Grey)

Runic Communication(2 Tokens): Your emblem can transmit your voice to others nearby. If multiple emblems use this ability at the same time the voices overlap. This communication can be blocked by obstacles such as stone walls. This communication is not blocked by the vast majority of wards.

Emblem Proficiency(1 token) You may use the emblem as a whip with 15 foot reach. You may also treat it as a ranged weapon with 20ft range increment dealing 1d4 damage. You can hold onto the chain and retract the embelm after throwing it as a free action.

Increase Capacity Rank 1(* Tokens): Increase rank 4 capacity by 10. Costs rank 4 capacity/2 Tokens. This does not consume capacity(duh)

Rank 2


Rank 3

Diplomacy
Survival
Perception
